Add `State of the Ranked section survey` news post (#13421)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2025/2025-06-24-state-of-the-ranked-section-survey.md

---
layout: post

> title: State of the Ranked section survey

Reviewer: i don't think this works that well

```suggestion
title: The State of Ranked Beatmaps: A Survey
```

```suggestion
title: Survey: The State of Ranked
```

```suggestion
title: The State of Ranked Maps
```

Author: Opting to choose the second option. Simplest, most straightforward.

date: 2025-06-24 12:00:00 +0000
---

> Pollers wanted — help us pave the way forward for the future of the Ranked section!

Reviewer: "pollers"? the nat is the poller here if anything

```suggestion
Opinions wanted — help us pave the way forward for the future of the Ranked beatmap section!
```

![](/wiki/shared/news/banners/beatmap-management.jpg)

> As the [Ranked](/wiki/Beatmap_ranking_procedure) section has quickly become the most varied — and active! — it has ever been over the last couple years, we would like to take a moment to ask the community for their feelings on the section's current state. Admittedly, this is not a task we can tackle alone. Therefore, we would like to touch some base with the community to evaluate what would be the best way to step forward.

Reviewer: same thing but less corporate-sounding

```suggestion
As the [Ranked](/wiki/Beatmap_ranking_procedure) section has quickly become the most varied (and active!) it has ever been over the last couple years, we would like to take a moment to ask you — the community — for your feelings on the section's current state. Admittedly, this is not a task we can tackle alone, so we want to understand your opinions on where we are and where to go moving forward.
```

The mapping landscape is constantly evolving, and knowing what most of the community wants at any given time is difficult. Answering these questions will take no more than 5 minutes and will be very helpful to us!

[**If you want to get involved, please click this link to get started!**](https://forms.hivie.tn/form/2025-06-ranked-section-poll-public)

> While everyone is encouraged to participate in the above poll, [Beatmap Nominators](/wiki/People/Beatmap_Nominators) will be getting their own private poll. While the questions will not be any different, this will help us compare and contrast two sides of one same coin.

Reviewer: bit more generic especially if we're doing just one poll and filter afterwards

```suggestion
Much like other surveys we've done in the past, we'll break down the results by area in the community: players, mappers, [Beatmap Nominators](/wiki/People/Beatmap_Nominators), and so on. This will help us compare and contrast between perspectives.
```

The polls will be open for **x weeks**, and the results will be posted in a separate news post, alongside some initial impressions from the team.

> As always, we appreciate your feedback! Thank you for taking the time to participate in the poll, and we hope to put these newfound results to good use.

Reviewer: the demonstrative here doesn't sound right in my ear🤔 

```suggestion
As always, we appreciate your feedback! Thank you for taking the time to participate in the poll, and we hope to put the newfound results to good use.
```
